Notes:

20090919 -- Katrina Payne:
 * Changing logging functions to take two arguments. One is the message string 
   The second is a list of variables to be put into it. Generally the Logger 
   will now be made to be set up to render the string internally using sprintf 
   as, there is no reason to require the user of this engine to remember to 
   properly format their string. And in many cases, none of them will do it 
   anyways. This way we kind of force them to do it properly
 * furthering this, each error message entry will now make use of named 
   arguments. Mostly in an exception setup. Further more on this, the Logger
   will prolly also be set up to use events and a buffer. Possibly waiting 
   a certain amount of time, before firing off everything into the log (this). 
   would likely be variable. In many cases the log would be a text file, but
   other options would include an SQLite Database, some manner of bug trac or
   possibly a network connection. The network connection option would allow 
   other games connected to this one to know what is going on, and deal with 
   the stuff on their end appropriately. Generally a filter would be used 
   to determine what would be sent, and what would not. A filter could also be 
   set up to determine what would be allowed to be recieved on the error 
   information. 
 * Do not worry about the logger object logging too much. In the Config files
   you will be able to tell it to ignore profiling and certain levels of 
   logging. Also certain log entry names (defined by -name) well generally be 
   suggested to be bypassed. These tools are mostly for the developers of
   Kid Radd: KREPES and games using Kid Radd: KREPES
 * You know... I could prolly have some loop I call at the beginning of a 
   function to make sure certain veriables are set... you know what... will 
   do.
 * Need to actually put some more of the content. Right now it is mostly 
   Just basic stuff (stripped across 5 actual modules)
 * Need to look into a better event system than POE. Possibly look into 
   threading. Maybe also look if Boost has been added.